Project name : Meta Racer X 
Team Name: Meta Racer X team 
Payment Address:  0x1fBFAC20b033b66Ba5DcfE0854d82d4Fe1b49f3a

Project Overview and Details:

We are METARACERX! We are a Racing NFT game that will enter the Metaverse in mobile game play and VR. We are a virtual play-toearn game that will be in future iterations will be played in the Metaverse.

Players can collect virtual cars, drivers, and car parts in this exciting new blockchain game. Each piece is a unique non-fungible token  and can be collected, traded, used, or sold individually. METARACERX already has some legendary vehicles, but a majority of the collection will feature a wide variety of different car types. Players will have the ability to upgrade their cars using prodigy tokens  earned within the game. Competitive racing will be a core element of METARACERX. Each car has its own unique characteristics. The factors influencing the car's performance are acceleration, grip, top speed, and luck. The first iteration of the game will highlight races that are shown topdown and have a limited number of options in its first release.

On MetaRacerX, you are behind the wheel of a state-of-the-art vehicle, pitted against other players, whose vehicles are just as fast (or almost as fast!) as your own. Every time you line up at the starting line, you get a chance to win virtual cars, virtual drivers, and virtual car parts, all minted as NFTs (non-fungible tokens) so that they hold some value. Each piece of unique, meaning that you can use them if you like, to show off, or you can trade them and sell them, if you think you can find a lucrative deal out there.

This is a community game. Featuring legendary vehicles as well as our own designs, MetRacerX is a new sort of blockchain game, one that tempts you with the opportunity to earn rewards – but keeps exciting, competitive racing at the center of it all. Every car is different, better or worse in terms of acceleration, grip, and top speed. It's up to you to find and obtain the best car possible.

We want to transform gaming into your life and be able for you to play competitively at every level as a job, profession, or just for fun & games but to be able to earn. The way we want to bring a virtual experience to be like magic, at home, in the classroom for learning, work jobs, and business, this is just the start of what we have in goal.

Ecosystem Fit: 

In MetaRacerX, you can manage and own your own piece of the metaverse, which will exist on the blockchain. You will be in excellent company too, as we are already in discussions to get celebrities, influencers, and NFT luminaries into the game.



Everyone gets an avatar, though. When you play, that avatar becomes your identity. As we release additional metaverse games, such as boxing, soccer, and basketball, your avatar will carry over. You are, in a real way, making a name for yourself as an athlete and competitor.

Team Members: 
Founder: Jamell Cleary 
Partnership & Backers: 

The signal factory 
https://www.thesignalfactory.com/
Chris White & Kyle Stauffer

Metazooie Studios 
KALI & GUSS 
https://metazooie.com/

Anthony Duca
Cavrnus.com

Silocloud ( silocloud.com )
Lael Alexander 

Team Website: 
http://metaracerx.com/


Team Experience: 

Founder: Jamell Cleary 
Linkedin- https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamell-cleary-ba0156235, Email: Metaracersx@gmail.com 

CEO of Meta Racer X, CMO of Silocloud, EA for Continuum Market.
CEO of Prestigious Asset Recovery LLC 
Have a passion for building, connecting brands, & people. Work alongside individual such as Lael Alexander, Phil Ranta, Kristina Bruhahn & many more, to work with Influencers, brands, sponsors, and startup projects to get the ball rolling. 

Partnership & Backers

The signal factory 
https://www.thesignalfactory.com/
Chris White & Kyle Stauffer

The signal factory has used its talents to develop award-winning design, brand, animation and production solutions for a wide variety of Clients include the NFL, HBO, ABC, Superstation WGN, Discovery, NBA, Bacardi, KISS, Journey, Comedy Central, Cox Communications, Kansas City Chiefs, MTV, Scripps Networks, Fox, ESPN, SPEED, Microsoft, Universal Music, Green Bay Packers, MavTV, New Line Cinema, Cablevision, Outdoor Channel, Comcast and the LPGA. 

Metazooie Studios 
KALI & GUSS 
https://metazooie.com/
Metazooie is an independent metaverse development studio with a mission to bring mass-adoption of blockchain technology through player-owned digital worlds

Anthony Duca
Cavrnus.com
The Cavrnus platform is the ultimate metaverse-builder solution that enables enterprises, brands, and creators to design and share historical and robust metaverse experiences, made possible by a transformative feature-set, backend journaling system, and SDK/API integrations.

Silocloud ( silocloud.com )
Lael Alexander 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/laelalexander

Development Roadmap: 
Here is our Roadmap: 
 
Phase 1
 
Team Development
Project concepts and Discovery
Concept development and testing 
Financial plan analysis 
Communities and Discord 
Website development 
White paper
 
Phase 2
Start Crowdfunding 
(Crowdfunding Manager Stella Livaniou ) 
Design UI Game 
Game content development
NFT Collection Concept phase
Launch All Communities
 
PHASE 3
Develop Ecosystem for investors 
NFT creation pre-production
NFT Sneak peek 
Demo app game version
 
Phase 4
Start Whitelist 
Solidify Collaborations with NFT 
projects, Cryptos & Brands for MRX 
Establish Racing Teams network 
Begin Promotions, Giveaways and 
Airdrops 
Start Token creation
 
PHASE 5
Token Audit 
Token Launch 
Release Game Beta Version
Public Launch of NFT 
Test PvP, PvPvP, and PvPvPvP 
ADD Prodigy Tokens to game
 
PHASE 6 
Finalize Staking Program 
Announce game partnerships 
Create Giveaways program 
Version 1 Update Mobile Game
 
PHASE 7
Implement Mobile Version 
Begin Virtual Reality Version (VR) 
Development : Purchase Land 
Development of VR land Beta test 
MRX VR Beta
Concept next iterations of game


Community Engagement: 

We have produced a campaign video on youtube. Here's the link to watch, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C15k1B2txb4

Future Plans:

Long-term, we see MetaRacerX as one foray among many. We would like to make our mark on the metaverse by working with other projects and creators, offering sponsorship opportunities in order to encourage the more involved and higher-profile players to commit themselves to the game over time.

Throughout every step of this process, we are going to send you regular updates about our progress. When you contribute to this campaign, in any way at all, you are joining the MetaRacerX community. Whether we hit an obstacle or we move even more quickly than planned, you can count on us to keep you in the loop.

Additional Information: 
Our goal to fund MetaRacerX is $3,000,000 which will cover our ongoing development costs and enable us to set up Prodigy Token, according to the Tokenomics that we have outlined in the MetaRacerX Whitepaper. 

The cash will be used to hire and retain key personnel as well as for construction, inventory, working capital, and business development. A portion of the capital will be used to cover administrative expenditures and other expenses that will benefit the company in the future.

